and
Marina and page family and friends
congratulations to all of you on marriages we
with marina played together in KVN on vykuum
fact that different teams are not all funny
and I remember her first joke there was
something about the grandfather who even ate something
although I have already signed an order to make 24
August public holiday chump
Said he was getting married. We thought for a long time who
you are I witnesses him Petrov or Quentin I
still thought quentin because they
studied for a long time until she was gone
it is clear that the British two pair of boots
one kindergarten 1 army
but did you harp liters you know i didn't
sorry he has very beautiful eyes
I have already ordered to move plow in
queues for space flight for 200 positions
now he is minus 17 lay the table
just wonderful
I have been to many weddings and I love
eat and you know how to serve you
small and the water on the jelly and that
big tasty
I ordered that at the Olympiad in Sochi
Marina and Pasha will participate in the final
dance on ice will keep fists
bought marina sausage chopped her
there is an exception I released
plow from conscription
don't thank the data from your magic on
stylish yes they live above me I can
of them say they are constantly I
make a small noise to reach drills
sing move closet great neighbors
I have already renamed one of my daughters
in marina and another page
your now
boiky i know that none of you
won dfm don't believe
the same bullshit and hiring and remember pashka
long hair to bunny
boil I boil pashka shave off my hair and
he hovered them shaved and the whole room was in
hair, we then collected them sold them
bought a motorcycle sit in Moscow call
854 21 2020 call avu
Julia constantly ran with the marina she is very
ran fast and now I'm fast too
I run and remember and remember the shell on
pasha said that everyone marry marina
finally sedef by by page congratulations i
taught works fallen in school and
once he made a stool on which i
still sitting and golden hands
And you know, I noticed that there wasn’t any at the wedding
one Negro were already in government
new official appeal to the Russian
sweetie when guys picked a date
weddings they thought of only 24 one and
The same money Daddy Kolovrat on youtube
a great day on the same Evpatii Kolovrat
lower and do not fight again
Marina you chose og
good guy at least because he
something health and a lot of kids
amount as pasha did offer marina
he invited the violinist into her yard and began
sing a song and the song was like undermined
on less love scream marina
marina marina marina marina my sweat
left a whole KAMAZ of roses began to dance
children and a rainbow on her inscription go beyond
I was so
Thank you for your attention and always wanted
say it first bitterly
and you know me somehow sweet-sweet
I have
look kissing on holiday